Alright, here's what you just learned.
Explain the internal producer pipeline from send() to broker acknowledgment.
Configure acks, retries, and idempotence for production durability.
Tune batch.size and linger.ms for throughput vs latency.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to explain the internal producer pipeline from send() to broker acknowledgment, configure acks, retries, and idempotence for production durability, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!